---
title: "Meeting Minutes 2011-05-23"
date: 2011-05-23
bookHidden: true
---

## 2011-05-23 Meeting Minutes

### Old Business

- email the ML with proposed meeting days and times, Mon, Thurs, Fri only for days - done
- knome is to set up a tele-conference of some type to discuss marketing - carried forward/after natty releases
- Charlie as Project Lead will draw up a proposal to be added to the [Xubuntu Strategy Document](Xubuntu/StrategyDocument) for choosing a new Project Lead by community vote

### Team updates

#### Packaging & Development

- GTK2 will be used for Oneiric Ocelot. If possible, GTK3 will not be on the Xubuntu cd.
- Xfce 4.8.2 will be included in Oneiric Ocelot.

#### Bug Triage & Testing

- Alpha1 testing will begin on 2011-05-31.
  - Soupermanito, beardygnome will assist in testing the Oneiric Ocelot images.
    - drc will begin daily installation testing of the images for alpha1.

#### Website & Marketing

- Canonical RT set up the staging site for wordpress. Unfortunately, this can not be used by the Xubuntu Team to test wordpress as a website.
  - knome and pleia2 will work together to set up a test site for wordpress.
- Suggestion from ochosi - it would be great if the first page would show the slideshow that is shown during installation.

#### Artwork

- Artwork this cycle will be mainly improving greybird and the wallpaper
- Our artwork team [goals](http://wiki.knome.fi/shimmer:greybird)

#### Documentation

- We need someone that can go through the wiki documentation and update it.

### Announcements

- Xubuntu roadmap for Oneiric Ocelot is at [Xubuntu/Roadmap/Goals/Oneiric](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Xubuntu/Roadmap/Goals/Oneiric)
- The calendar/schedule for Oneiric is at [OneiricReleaseSchedule](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/OneiricReleaseSchedule)
- LightDM will replace GDM in Oneiric Ocelot

### Any Other Business

- Next meeting is in one week, May 30, #xubuntu-devel, at 19:00 UTC.
- [Meeting log](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Xubuntu/Meetings/Archive/Minutes/2011-05-23)
- A request was made to try and hold meetings on Tuesdays.

### Action items for the 2011-05-23 meeting

- Email the Mailing Lists about meeting on alternate days weekly.
  - Possibility to hold at least one meeting per month on Tuesday.
- Charlie to dig for the xscreensaver updates, and put in an SRU
<<BR>>
<<BR>>

### Carried Forward

Please see the [previous log](/meetings/logs/2010-01-10/)

#### Xubuntu Governance

- The governancy part of the current Strategy Document can be found at [Xubuntu/StrategyDocument#Xubuntu Governance & Team Structure](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Xubuntu/StrategyDocument#Xubuntu Governance & Team Structure)
- The Xubuntu project will advance towards a Council-based governance approach.
  - NOTE: This will require approval of the Ubuntu Community Council.

<<BR>>
<<BR>>

## 2011-05-23 Meeting Log

- People Present:

  - charlie-tca
  - mr_pouit
  - micahg
  - drc
  - beardygnome
  - xrdodrx
  - Soupermanito
  - jozefk
  - scott-work

<http://irclogs.ubuntu.com/2011/05/23/%23xubuntu-devel.html>
